We plan to use our mapplication to help provide locations and information on federally qualified healthcare centers in local areas. Our mapplication will empower people who are unable to pay for medical services due to lack of funds and/or lack of health insurance coverage by addressing the social problem of the lack of affordable healthcare options, especially for people in low-income communities. In making our mapplication, we need to consider accessibility (based on language and technology) of our application and may need to perform further research on the true effectiveness of federally qualified healthcare centers for low income populations.

Our technology provides a platform for the UCLA community to share stories and experiences about FQHCs and helps to aggregate stories and statistics about FQHC usage in the primary areas of residence of UCLA students.

In our project, we used HTML to create a framework for our website, CSS to style our design, and JavaScript to add functionality to our html elements. We incorporated the JavaScript packages Leaflet.js and turf.js to add functional maps which helped to support our goal to visuallly represent community stories. We collected survey information through a Google Form embedded in our website, and we analyzed data from automatically generated Google Sheets using Google Scripts to Geocode the latitude and longitude coordinates from submitted locations.

For future projects, our project could be expanded to different or larger target populations of low income individuals or those without health insurance to showcase community information on the awareness and usage of FQHCs. Additionally, our code could be referenced or applied toward collecting and showing any location-specific community stories and experiences while providing aggregated statistical analysis based on region. The code could be adapted to collecting different information through different Google forms either within our outside of the UCLA community.